# C Portfolio
C programming language portfolio created during a C and Unix programming college course. The following are programs that are contianed in this repo and their purposes.

## compile.sh
Simpler compile script that is easy to understand. Checks for the existance of bin and source directories as well as checking for a 00-template.c file. Creates files and directories as needed and then will compile the script with valgrind a super handy c compiler that will alert the developer to issues in the c code. flags are as follows:
-e \<file-name-without-extension\>  will edit and compile the file without 
-c \<file-name-without-extension\>  will compile source code for a file if it exists

## vibe-compile.sh
Compile script, generated by GPT but customized by me. Requires the lib folder and and a 00-template.c file is prefered, help is shown when incorrect options are supplied. The flag -n will copy the template file to a new .c file in the lib directory based on the name supplied after the flag, the -e flag works similarly however instead of copying a 00-template file it will just edit the .c file of the name supplied after the flag. The script will then attempt to compile the c source after being edited in an editor \( this is set to nano for newer users, if you know what you are doing and want to use another editor then this can be changed in the EDITOR_CMD variuble to be whatever is desired \)

## arrays.c
Using both indexes and pointers to traverse arrays

## dynamic-arrays.c
Creating dynamic arrays through the use of memalloc realloc and sentinal values as well as through the use of defined array lengths

## files.c
Working with files in c examples and basics

## input.c
Working with user input

## if-statements.c
Contains some if statement logic and variuble declarations.

## loops.c
Using loops like while and for to count numbers

## memory.c
Using malloc, realloc, and free functions when altering the size of arrays

## pointers.c
Using pointers to assign values to memory addresses, printing memory addresses of both pointer locations as well as destinations

## structs.c
Working with structs in c.

## windows-threading.c 
Windows threading example vibe coded, reference only.

